Elaborated on use of Service Workers on http://localhost (#39987)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/service_worker_api/index.md

Service workers can't import JavaScript modules dynamically, and [`import()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/import#browser_compatibility) will throw an error if it is called in a service worker global scope. Static imports using the [`import`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import) statement are allowed.

> Service workers only run over HTTPS for security reasons (with the exception of `http://localhost`, see the note below). Most significantly, HTTP connections are susceptible to malicious code injection by {{Glossary("MitM", "man in the middle")}} attacks, and such attacks could be worse if allowed access to these powerful APIs. In Firefox, service worker APIs are also hidden and cannot be used when the user is in [private browsing mode](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/private-browsing-use-firefox-without-history).
> 
> > [!NOTE]
> > To facilitate local development, most modern browsers treat `http://localhost` as a secure context, thus allowing for the use of service workers without an SSL certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service workers are only available in [secure contexts](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Secure_Contexts): this means that their document is served over HTTPS, although browsers also treat `http://localhost` as a secure context, to facilitate local development. HTTP connections are susceptible to malicious code injection by {{Glossary("MitM", "man in the middle")}} attacks, and such attacks could be worse if allowed access to these powerful APIs.
```

Author: makes sense, imho a brief mention with a link to a reference would be useful. It's late here and I might have misread your earlier comment.
